c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll.config
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.pdb
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll
c:\users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.pdb
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll.config
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.pdb
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll
C:\Users\raphael.rodrigues.a3\Desktop\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.pdb
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll.config
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\GuilhermeMontalbano.pdb
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.dll
M:\GuilhermeMontalbano\GuilhermeMontalbano\obj\Debug\GuilhermeMontalbano.pdb
